Add link to recording (#430)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _events/2021/2021-03-dei-speaker-series.md

Join us on March 25th at 5ET/4CT/3MT/2PT. Please register for the event

> [here](https://princeton.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_EgdjRiAVTuiX634KytIunA).

Reviewer: Should we remove the link to the registration now?

> Video from event can be found [here](https://youtu.be/gP5UCfV3n-A).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recording of the event can be found [here](https://youtu.be/gP5UCfV3n-A).
```
